Upgrade Kolla OpenStack services (#207)
cablelabs/snaps-openstack: doc/source/install/install.md

#### Step 3

> Install fresh openstack using physical interface and veth0 as management and data interfaces respectively. (Refer section 4)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install fresh openstack using physical interface and veth0 as management and data interfaces respectively. (Refer to section 4)
```

sudo python <repo_dir>/network_config.py -f <repo_dir>/snaps_openstack/utilities/var.yaml -postNic
```

## 5 Upgrade and Downgrade Openstack Cluster

### 5.1 Upgrade Openstack Cluster

> After successfull installtion of openstack cluster with pike release (Refer section 4). User can upgrade the setup to queens by running following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After successful installation of openstack cluster with Pike release (Refer to section 4). User can upgrade the setup to Queens release by running the following command:
```

```
sudo python <repo_dir>/iaas_launch.py -f <repo_dir>/conf/openstack/kolla/deployment.yaml -upgrade queens
```

### 5.2 Downgrade Openstack Cluster

> After successfull installtion of openstack cluster with queens release (Refer section 4). User can downgrade the setup to pike by running following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After successful installation of openstack cluster with Queens release (Refer to section 4). User can downgrade the setup to Pike release by running the following command:
```
